When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    	When I am sharing my work with collaborators; when I am on-the-go, carrying my work
    	away from my usual workstation.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    	So changes that are undesired on the local repository can be controlled.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    	Fork is a copy of other user's repository on GitHub under my account, 
	which gives credits to the other user for his work. Clone is a downloaded 
	copy of an entire repository from GitHub (better be a fork) onto 
	my local computer. A branch is a series of work progress such that each
	commit is the direct ancestor of its subsequent commit. 

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    	The local version of the remote (even after updated from GitHub) has the label 
	remote_name/local_branch_name. This remote can contain conflicting changes with the
	current local branch due to files on GitHub have encountered changes foreign to 
	the local branch. The last known state of the remote locally stored contains 
	the common ancestor of both the GitHub files and the local files, allowing resolving
	the conflict and merging easier.
	 
How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    	Without Git and GitHub, I would have sent files to my collaborators and explaining
	my changes. However, my email would not show which line was changed and how it was
	changed (add or remove line). Furthermore, exchanging files while working on changes 
	with my collaborators at the same time can cause confusion in which changes are most
	recent, resulting in higher chance of making mistakes. Using Git and GitHub makes 
	collaboration easier. 

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    	When I am collaborating with another person. The separate branch is independent of the
	master branch. This means that I can give brave suggestions without interfering with 
	the main progress of the collaboration group.
